README.md, before:

# shopify-demo-app-node-react

This repository contains the completed app and starter files for the [Build a Shopify app with Node and React](#) tutorial.

The completed app is the master branch, and each starter file has its own branch. For example, To start the tutorial at [Build your user interface with Polaris](#) check out and use `build-your-user-interface-with-polaris-starter-files`.

## Using starter files

You can use these starter files to skip ahead and learn a certain section or fix an app in a broken state.

If you plan to skip ahead, then make sure that you first complete these setup instructions:

1. [Install the latest stable version of Node.js.](#)
2. Install npm packages (run: npm install).
3. [Expose your dev environment.](#)
4. [Get a Shopify API key and Shopify API secret key.](#)
5. [Add the Shopify API key and Shopify API secret key.](#)
6. Start your app (run: npm run dev).
7. [Authenticate and test your app.](#)
8. [Set up your app navigation.](#)

Please create an issue if you have any questions or comments.

Commit message:

Expand explanation of available branches

README.md, after:

# shopify-demo-app-node-react

This repository contains the completed app and starter files for the [Build a Shopify app with Node and React](#) tutorial.

## Available branches for each step in the tutorial

Each step of the [Build a Shopify app with Node and React](https://help.shopify.com/en/api/tutorials/build-a-shopify-app-with-node-and-react) tutorial has a corresponding branch in this repository. Checkout any of these branches to view the demo project at that stage, or to use it as the starting point for your own app. For example, To start the tutorial at [Build your user interface with Polaris](#) check out and use `build-your-user-interface-with-polaris-starter-files`.

1. [Embed your app in Shopify](https://help.shopify.com/en/api/tutorials/build-a-shopify-app-with-node-and-react/embed-your-app-in-shopify): [`embed-your-app-in-shopify-starter-files`](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-demo-app-node-react/tree/embed-your-app-in-shopify-starter-files)
2. [Build your user interface with Polaris](https://help.shopify.com/en/api/tutorials/build-a-shopify-app-with-node-and-react/build-your-user-interface-with-polaris): [`build-your-user-interface-with-polaris-starter-files`](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-demo-app-node-react/tree/build-your-user-interface-with-polaris-starter-files)
3. [Fetch data with Apollo](https://help.shopify.com/en/api/tutorials/build-a-shopify-app-with-node-and-react/fetch-data-with-apollo): [`fetch-data-with-apollo-starter-files`](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-demo-app-node-react/tree/fetch-data-with-apollo-starter-files)
4. [Charge a fee using the Billing API](https://help.shopify.com/en/api/tutorials/build-a-shopify-app-with-node-and-react/charge-a-fee-using-the-billing-api): [`charge-a-fee-using-the-billing-api-starter-files`](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-demo-app-node-react/tree/charge-a-fee-using-the-billing-api-starter-files)
5. [Listen for store events with webhooks](https://help.shopify.com/en/api/tutorials/build-a-shopify-app-with-node-and-react/listen-for-store-events-with-webhooks): [`listen-for-store-events-with-webhooks-starter-files`](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-demo-app-node-react/tree/listen-for-store-events-with-webhooks-starter-files)
6. Completed App: [`master`](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-demo-app-node-react/tree/master)

## Using starter files

You can use these starter files to skip ahead and learn a certain section or fix an app in a broken state.

If you plan to skip ahead, then make sure that you first complete these setup instructions:

1. [Install the latest stable version of Node.js.](#)
2. Install npm packages (run: npm install).
3. [Expose your dev environment.](#)
4. [Get a Shopify API key and Shopify API secret key.](#)
5. [Add the Shopify API key and Shopify API secret key.](#)
6. Start your app (run: npm run dev).
7. [Authenticate and test your app.](#)
8. [Set up your app navigation.](#)

Please create an issue if you have any questions or comments.
